hey there this is Todd again with
websites made simple org and welcome to
module 2 step two and we're going to
install a new wordpress theme this is
the default WordPress theme that you're
seeing here and we're going to go get a
different one that's called a premium
theme and it's called Pythias it's a
free responsive theme which means it
looks good on any device whether it's a
pc tablet or mobile device it responds
and will resize and look good on any of
those types of devices so as you can see
it's a nice-looking theme here and
that's what we're going to use to build
our website so go ahead and log in to
download it you got to click on that
button if you don't have an account you
need to create an account first and then
after you've done that you can come over
here and log in with your account
details and to get back to the theme
just click on this theme link up here
and then select the category free in
this drop-down and then it's the second
one on the left here and then from here
we can go ahead and download it I
usually just put it on my desktop save
it there makes it easy to find and then
if I scroll down here and look in the
instructions will also need the options
framework plugin so we'll download that
to click on that link and then click on
download version 1.3 and we'll save that
on the desktop as well and then next we
need to go back to our website and log
into our admin panel so remember to do
that we need to do WP dash admin and
that will take us to this login window
enter your username and your password
that you created in the last step and
login and here we are at the WordPress
admin dashboard again and in order to
install our theme we need to go over
here to appearance on the left and
select themes and you'll see the default
theme is there
click on the install tab up here and
then we want to go to upload this upload
link and then choose file and we want to
install the Pythias dot zip just double
click that and then click install now
and then after its if if it says
everything was successful here go ahead
and activate and it'll show that this is
the active theme and then let's go
install our plug-in real quick go down
here to the plugins section and click on
add new and then upload and then choose
file and options framework and install
now and activate plugin alright and that
should do it if we head back over to our
theme we can look at the different
customizations we can make just look at
those briefly the website looks pretty
plain right now but we'll change that
real quick different things like logo
the colors you can change header image
in such background image lots of stuff
we can do here so we'll look forward to
doing that and that's it for now for
installing your new WordPress theme and
if you have any questions feel free to
ask in the forum thanks
you